doc: Revert the AT host sample name (#196)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/devices/FlashingCertificate/CLI.rst

.. only:: v1_5_x

>     1. Programming of the `AT Client sample <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/at_host-hex>`_ onto the device.

Reviewer: The readme.md in the link target still says AT Host, which needs to be changed as well.

Reviewer 2: I disagree. "AT Client" is the wrong name for the sample (however it is kept for historical reasons in NCS). The sample runs an AT command host, not a client, therefore the linked project has the correct name.

If link must match the title:

```suggestion
    1. Programming of the `AT Client sample <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/nrf9160/at_client/README.html>`_ onto the device.
```

Author: Changed the link to point to the NCS sample.

    #. Provisioning of the :ref:`created device credentials <aws-device-credentials>`.
    #. Programming of the :ref:`configured and built firmware <aws-firmware-configuration>` to the device.

.. only:: not v1_5_x

>     * Programming of the `AT Client sample <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/at_host-hex>`_ onto the device.

Reviewer: Same as above.
